dashboard community add overview (#1650)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard/4.use-dashboard.md

## Overview

![Overview](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/overview1-220922-en.png)

## Machine

Click **Machine**->**Overview** to enter the machine overview page.

On this page, you can view the variation of CPU, Memory, Load, Disk, and Network In/Out quickly.

> - By default, you can view the monitoring data of the maximum of 14 days. You can also select a time range or quickly select latest 1 hour, 6 hours, 12 hours, 1 day, 3 days, 7days, or 14 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, you can view the monitoring data for a maximum of 14 days. You can also select a time range or quickly select the latest 1 hour, 6 hours, 12 hours, 1 day, 3 days, 7 days, or 14 days.
```

- To view the detailed monitoring information, click the ![watch](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/watch.png) button. In this example, select `Load` for details. The figure is as follows.
    ![load](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/ds-load-220913-en.png)

  - You can set the monitoring time range, instance, update frequency and base line.
  - You can search for or select the target metric. For details about monitoring metrics, see [Metrics](6.monitor-parameter.md).
  - You can temporarily hide nodes that you do not need to view.
  - You can click the ![watch](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/watch.png) button to view the detailed monitoring information.

## Service

Click **Service**->**Overview** to enter the service overview page.

On this page, you can view the information of Graph, Meta, and Storage services quickly. In the upper right corner, the number of normal services and abnormal services will be displayed.

!!! note

    In the  **Service** page, only two monitoring metrics can be set for each service, which can be adjusted by clicking the **Set up** button.

> - By default, you can view the monitoring data of the maximum of 14 days. You can also select a time range or quickly select latest 1 hour, 6 hours, 12 hours, 1 day, 3 days, 7days, or 14 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, you can view the monitoring data for a maximum of 14 days. You can also select a time range or quickly select the latest 1 hour, 6 hours, 12 hours, 1 day, 3 days, 7 days, or 14 days.
```

| `Leader Distribution` | The distribution of Leaders. |

Click **Detail** in the upper right corner to view the details of the Storage service information.

#### Partition Distribution

Select the specified graph space in the upper left corner, you can view the distribution of partitions in the specified graph space. You can see the IP addresses and ports of all Storage services in the cluster, and the number of partitions in each Storage service.

Click **Detail** in the upper right corner to view more details.

#### Partition information

In this section, the information on partitions will be shown. Before viewing the partition information, you need to select a graph space in the upper left corner. The parameter description is as follows:

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|`Partition ID`|The ID of the partition.|
|`Leader`|The IP address and port of the leader.|
|`Peers`|The IP addresses and ports of all the replicas.|
|`Losts`|The IP addresses and ports of faulty replicas.|

Click **Detail** in the upper right corner to view details. You can also enter the partition ID into the input box in the upper right corner of the details page to filter the shown data. 

### Config

> It shows the configuration of Graph and Storage service. NebulaGraph Dashboard Community Edition does not support online modification of configurations for now.

Reviewer: It shows the---->What does "It" here specify?
